In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl,
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
♪ Miraculous, simply the best
♪ Up to the test
when things go wrong
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest
♪ The power of love
always so strong
♪ Miraculous
♪ Miraculous ♪
You'll discover for yourself
that one can never
see too much of Paris!
Does the Eiffel Tower
need an introduction?
To think that when it was built,
the Parisians thought
it stuck out like a sore thumb!
And over there
are the Trocadéro Gardens!
Underneath there is an aquarium.
The first in the world,
built in 1867!
The Louvre!
The largest museum in the world!
So huge that it would take
100 days to see everything!
Originally, it was a fortress
built to protect our city.
These days, it protects our art.
Speaking of protecting the city,
there are our miracles,
‐ Ladybug and Cat Noir!
‐ Can we stop here?
I've always dreamed of eating
a Parisian croissant!
You couldn't have picked
a better place!
It's the best bakery in Paris!
My kids adore
their croissants!
You're lucky,
they're fresh out of the oven.
Sorry, I got held up!
Here are the appl ‐‐
‐ Aaah!
‐ Oh!
Is everyone all right?
‐ Sorry, sorry, sorry!
‐ It's totally OK!
But maybe
I should be asking if you're OK?
‐ That was quite a fall!
‐
Don't worry about me!
I'll be fine.
I'm pretty clumsy,
so I'm used to it!
Come to think of it,
I fall a lot.
Fall flat on my face,
fall asleep, fall out of bed,
fall apart at the seams,
fall in love...
I am sorry about all this.
How can I make it up to you?
‐ It's nothing, don't worry!
‐ It is!
Mom, could you put together
a dozen more croissants for...
‐ Zoé!
‐ Hello, Zoé!
I'm "Miss Walking Disaster!"
Where's your accent from?
It's really pretty!
‐ I'm from New York!
‐ Wow, cool!
And what are you doing in Paris?
I'm, uh,
here to be with my family.
Then it's gonna be a great trip.
If you're
with the ones you love,
you feel right at home.
Sorry!
Wow! Your sneakers are awesome!
Did you decorate them yourself?
Yeah. I've written
every nice thing
anyone's ever said to me,
to keep them with me
all the time.
But there's only one message.
I only had one friend.
Oh!
If you're free tonight,
my friends are performing
a concert on a river barge.
Let me give you my number.
I can give you mine, too,
if you want.
This way,
I won't lose it for sure!
‐ Bye!
‐ See you tonight, then.
‐ Share it with your kids.
‐ Wow! Don't you want
to keep some for your family?
Nah, they prefer sour to sweets.
Well, thanks, Miss.
Enjoy your journey.
Oh, welcome, Mademoiselle Zoé.
Please follow me.
Pardon me, Madame,
but your daughter has arrived.
Zoé! Ugh! You look terrible!
I'm guessing
the flight was horrific?
Someone in Economy class, uh,
smelled like disgusting cologne,
and they refused to open
a window to air out the plane!
Your father forgot
to provide a private jet?
Too busy for anyone, as usual.
It's fine that you want
to come live with us, but...
what exactly was wrong with
your boarding school, again?
I found roaches in my locker.
Can you believe it?
Well, that's nice, dear.
Jean‐Quentin!
Take her to see her sister!
So, you're Zoé.
Blonde hair, blue eyes...
Good. You're measuring up
to the family standards.
You could make an acceptable
sister, physically at least.
Cellphone!
You'll have to change the case.
Not enough gold or diamonds.
Aaah! What are those?
See these? These shoes are life.
And in life
there are winners and losers.
Winners have their perfect
little feet in these shoes,
while losers
get crushed under the soles.
So, you want 'em?
Ah, ah, ah!
If you wanna be a winner
and be part of this family,
you're gonna
have to earn your place.
But don't worry.
I'll be your mentor!
And if you prove worthy enough
to be my sister,
well, then, maybe
I'll let you borrow my shoes.
Rule number one.
Your father only exists
to give you everything you want,
whenever you want.
‐ Daddy!
‐
I want the limo painted pink
before I go to school.
Huh? What? But, sweetheart...
Since your father isn't here,
you'll use mine!
If you become my sister,
of course.
Rule number two. You need
a minion. Where's yours?
Uh... I left them in New York!
Fatal mistake!
You never go anywhere
without them!
Don't confuse a minion
for a patsy.
I'll teach you later.
A minion is someone
who does everything for you.
Aren't you done
with that homework?
Sorry! It's taking me longer
'cause it's so dark in here,
but now my eyes are used to
having no light it'll go faster!
Now, a patsy is there to suffer
for your own entertainment.
If you're good enough,
a patsy can last you a lifetime.
I have an old one, but
it hasn't been working so well
since I became a superhero.
I got too soft.
She's yours if you can do
something with her!
Another super important rule,
number 72.
All the boys have to be
crazy about you!
Carrying your schoolbag should
be the highlight of their day.
Not you.
Not you either... or you.
But you can shine my shoes
in your dreams tonight! You!
Here.
Sorry!
Hey, you nobodies!
Stop your chatter
for a minute
and listen up! This is...
Uh, what's your name again?
Zoé.
We'll buy you a new name later.
This is Zoé. She's only
my half‐sister for now,
but you must still treat her
with respect. So, bow down...
uh, I mean, give her the welcome
her status deserves!
Her sister? Chloé has a sister?
Hopefully, she's less horrible!
Relax, girls,
I met her at the bakery earlier.
She's totally
nothing like Chloé!
She's actually really nice!
And besides,
why make judgements
about people
before we know them?
‐ Hey, what's up, man!
‐ Ah! Rule number 148.
You need a guy BFF
to wrap around your finger,
preferably gorgeous and rich.
That one over there, is mine.
Adrikins!
He's the best there is.
So keep your hands off,
you hear?
We'll find you
a less handsome one,
because you're less pretty than me.
Ah! Here comes the patsy
I mentioned.
If you can do a number on her,
then I'll make you
my real sister!
Watch and learn. Still
loafing around, Dupain‐Cheng?
Loaf!
She's a baker's daughter.
‐ Get it? Ha, ha, ha!
‐ Hey, Zoé.
What'd you think
about the macaroons? Good, huh?
‐ What? You know Dupain‐Cheng?
‐ Yeah, we've met.
This clueless klutz
knocked me down.
So she gave me some super,
uh, disgusting macaroons,
trying to make up for it.
But since I have good taste,
I threw them out.
Can I do your homework?
Find a spot, find a spot.
Mid‐year admission
is not so easy!
‐ There's a lot of paperwork ‐‐
‐ Rule number 38.
Would you like me
to call my stepfather
and let him know
how useless you've been?
So useless that this school
would surely run
‐ just as well without you!
‐ Uh...
May I introduce
your new schoolmate, Zoé!
Please obey... I mean,
give her a warm welcome!
I don't understand.
When I met her this morning,
‐ she was so nice!
‐ That's just crazy!
Chloé's influence is so toxic
that she's corrupted
her sister in a few hours?
‐ Let's get her out of there!
‐ Who'll take her in?
‐ Can we adopt her?
‐ Let's just talk to her first.
I'll handle it.
Needs improvement,
but not such a bad start!
As a reward, I'll let you
touch my diamond shoes
‐ when we're home.
‐ Thank you?
See you later!
Why did she become so nasty
when she was so nice before?
Maybe she was... hungry?
I'm sure the real Zoé
is the one I met the first time.
I hope I can get
to the bottom of this.
As long as you're acting with
kindness, you can't go wrong.
No, no!
I can tell that something is
keeping you from being yourself
If it's Chloé, we can talk
about it tonight if you want.
You're still welcome
to come to the barge.
‐ Ridiculous!
‐ "Sorry, I'll explain tonight."
Are you texting Dupain‐Cheng?
I warned you!
Either you walk over people
or I walk over you.
Either you're proud
to be a part of my family,
and walk in my footsteps,
or you clear out!
Are you through? This is
all just part of my plan.
I tricked her
into thinking I'm her friend
and tonight on the barge,
I'll throw
her macaroons
into the Seine
in front
of all her friends.
Total humiliation!
Oh! Brilliant!
Utterly brilliant!
So, how about stick a wad
of chewing gum on her chair?
No! Done that!
Oh! Get her punished
for something she didn't do?
Too easy.
Roaches!
Roaches in her locker!
Yes! How amazing am I?
Hey, where are you going?
I'm going
to try them on outside.
I want to see the diamonds
sparkle in the sunlight.
Is everything OK, Zoé?
When I was young, I wanted
to make movies, tell stories...
Ah! That was the real me!
But it was made very clear to me
that in order to earn my place,
I had to let certain dreams go.
What about you?
What are your dreams?
At first I... I wanted to be
an actress. I'm good at acting.
Then I found myself
acting all the time,
trying to please everyone,
until I couldn't do it anymore.
I just want to be accepted
for being me, the real me.
And now it's happening
all over again. I just can't.
Let me show you something.
I call this my cellar of dreams!
It can be lonely
when even your own family
can't accept you.
We end up burying our feelings
deep, here and here.
If you want, I can make
some space for you.
I warned you!
Either you walk over people
or I walk over you.
Never being accepted
by your loved ones,
travelling across the ocean
only to be rejected once again!
Welcome to Paris, Mademoiselle.
Fly away my little akuma,
and evilize that fragile heart.
Sole Crusher, I am Shadow Moth.
Your sister challenges you
to measure up to her?
I give you the power
to crush her soul instead!
From now on, every person you
crush will make you stronger.
They'll be crushed
under the soles of my shoes,
all the same!
All I ask for in return
are Ladybug and Cat Noir's
Miraculous.
Start walking, Sole Crusher!
No!
‐ Mademoiselle... Chloé?
‐ Wrong, John‐Something!
I am Sole Crusher!
Hey! How come you're using my
image without my authorization?
The student
has become the master, Chloé,
and now I'm going to crush you!
Zoé?
‐ Hey! That's our cab!
‐ Not anymore!
Hey!
Hey, you!
Watch where you put your feet!
Chloé!
You! Hide me!
Quick, hide!
Chloé? What's going on?
Don't just sit there!
Help me block this door!
Found you!
Aaah!
‐ Who are you?
‐ I'm Sole Crusher!
You can't escape me!
Kaalki! Teleport to Plagg!
We'll need Cat Noir's help!
Are you sure?
You know how dangerous it is?
We have no choice! Hurry!
I'll look for Marinette!
Voyage!
‐ My cheese!
‐ There's a villain in Paris,
and the Guardian
can't take care of it!
Sorry, Mr. Noir,
about your room.
Don't worry. Ladybug
will fix everything later.
Plagg! Claws out!
Chloé...
If you want to be my sister,
if you want to be like me,
then I'm not the one
you should crush. They are!
Those losers! Otherwise,
you'll go back to New York!
You may be bigger,
but you're still just
a ridiculous copy of me!
‐ Utterly ridiculous!
‐ That's not true.
You don't have to crush anyone.
There are no winners or losers!
There's just people, with their
differences and individualities!
Did someone start off
on the wrong foot?
I'm not finished!
Zoé, no one will judge you here!
You can just be yourself.
You might trip, you might fall.
Someone will always help you up.
I'll always be there for you.
Sole Crusher, I can sense
that you're weakening.
You wouldn't want me
to remove your powers
and leave you stuck
with the losers, would you?
No one
will tell me what to do!
No!
Aaah!
‐ Marinette!
‐ You followed me? Way to go!
Tikki, spots on!
Yeah!
The big fall the hardest.
‐ Sorry, I got held up!
‐ Grr!
We're not getting anywhere!
I might have to cataclysm her
‐ before she destroys the city!
‐ No way!
We don't know what would happen!
It could be fatal!
Lucky charm!
A shoe horn?
Of course.
The akuma
must be hiding in her shoes!
Let me trip her up a bit,
Milady.
‐ Cataclysm!
‐
Where is the akuma?
Even as a supervillain
you're still a loser!
Just look
at how you're treating my shoes!
Go back to your sad,
ugly sneakers!
Why, when I finally know what
it's like to be in your shoes?
Sneakers? What if the akuma
wasn't in these shoes,
but in the sneakers Chloé
was talking about? Follow me!
I'm right on your heels!
If Chloé lent her those shoes,
the sneakers must be here.
Five more minutes!
I'm almost done!
Where are
Chloé's sister's sneakers?
Huh? What? I don't know!
‐ She must have her own room.
‐ Ladybug! Cat Noir!
You'll save us again, won't you?
‐ Mr. Mayor?
‐ I hid in here
when I witnessed poor little Zoé
getting akumatized.
You saw everything?
Do you know
where her sneakers are?
Isn't it strange Sole Crusher
didn't follow us here?
Let's make a run for it.
Promise you won't tell
my wife about this.
You can't measure up to me!
I'm going to crush you all!
Of course.
No more evil‐doing for you,
little akuma.
Time to de‐evilize!
Gotcha!
Bye‐bye, little butterfly!
Miraculous Ladybug!
‐ Pound it!
This is a magical charm, Zoé.
With it, Shadow Moth
can't get to you any longer.
Keep it with you to remember
what you overcame today.
Thank you, Ladybug!
You really are Miraculous!
Bug out!
You may run fast, Ladybug,
but I will have you at my feet
one day.
And then I will crush you!
Welcome aboard, Zoé!
Zoé's about to toss
Dupain‐Cheng's macaroons
into the Seine!
It'll be spectacular!
Let me introduce you
to everyone.
Guys, this is Zoé! She just
arrived here from New York.
‐ Hi!
‐ Hello!
‐ I'm...
really sorry about today.
I thought that if I did
everything Chloé wanted me to,
she'd accept me.
I just wanted to meet
my family's expectations,
which is why I left New York
in the first place.
At the boarding school
I was playing a part,
being someone else,
hoping they'd accept me.
But finally,
I just couldn't anymore.
That's when everyone
turned against me.
And then one day
I found roaches in my locker.
They all said I was a loser.
Maybe they were right.
I get that I'm different.
And I'd understand if you guys
didn't want me as a friend.
We're all one big happy family!
You'll be fine with us!
You'll never have to leave
again, Zoé. Welcome to Paris.
Wait. Wait. What is she doing?
Ew! Don't eat that!
You'll get infected
with their lameness!
I order you to fire her!
Daddy! Order her
to return my shoes at once!
And I demand that she be sent
back to New York immediately,
exactly the way she came!
Of course, of course.
‐ However...
‐ Is there a problem, André?
Well, what I mean is,
with all the paperwork needed
to enroll her in another school,
we won't be rid of her
for months!
Maybe we could just...
put her somewhere else?
‐ In the cellar.
‐ Excellent idea.
Or at least, in a room
in another wing of the hotel!
Well,
a smaller room than mine!
Oh, of course! Minuscule!
Barely the size
of a junior suite!
And see to it
that we never cross paths again!
She'll take the service elevator
with the staff!
Thank you! Promise me that you
won't leave your dreams too long
‐ down in that cellar.
‐ I promise. Come on.
You're going to love
your new room.
Zoé sent me a text!
"Thank you for everything!
You were right.
I can be myself here,
'cause you and the others
will always be there for me.
For the first time in my life,
I actually feel at home!"